# Exercice-sheet-for-the-Phd-position-in-Dynamic-and-Control-of-legged-robot-at-Chalmers
Code for dynamic simulation and control of two pendulums coupled by a spring
## Main scripts
- `EDO_generation.m` : Generate the linear and the non linear EOM with or without gravity of the spring mechanism.
- `Simulation.m` : Use functions that had been generated by the `EDO_generation.m` script to do numerical simulations with ODE45 and the Newmark method. This script plots the results of various simulations and applies the LQR controller.

---
## Functions generated by the `EDO_generation.m` script
- `Forward_dynamics.m` : function generated for the linear EOM without gravity.
- `Forward_dynamic_no_lin.m` : function generated for the non linear EOM without gravity.
- `Forward_dynamic_no_lin_with_gravity.m` : function generated for the non linear EOM with gravity.
- `Mass_matrix.m` : compute the mass matrix for the linear EOM used for the Newmark method.
- `Stiffness_matrix.m` : compute the stiffness matrix for the linear EOM used for the Newmark method.
- `Analytical_solution.m` : compute the analytical solution for the linear EOM.

---
## Oher functions
- `ODE_function.m` : Use the 'Forward_dynamics.m' for the ODE45 numerical simulation to solve the linear EOM without gravity.
- `ODE_function_no_lin.m` : Use the 'Forward_dynamics_no_lin.m' for the ODE45 numerical simulation to solve the non linear EOM without gravity.
- `ODE_function_no_lin_with_gravity.m` : Use the 'Forward_dynamics.m' for the ODE45 numerical simulation to solve the non linear EOM with gravity.
- `Newmark_normalF.m` : Compute the Newmark method.
- `ODE_to_matrix_lin.m` : Convert the linear EOM into matrix form : Mddq + Kq = 0 with M the mass matrix and K the stiffness matrix.
- `ODE_to_matrix_no_lin.m` : Convert the non linear EOM into matrix form : Mddq + q(q) = 0.
